https://www.reddit.com/t/brian_cornell/
Best Brian Cornell Posts - Reddit

<START>Posts about Brian Cornell
Brian Cornell coming to my girlfriends store
So my girlfriend texted me that Brian Cornell is coming to her store next month. I told her she should tell everyone to call out that day except 1 person so they can tell everyone what his reaction is. I was completely kidding but just imagine the shock on his face 😂😂 He would be like OH SHIT THEYRE GONNA UNIONIZE OR GO ON STRIKE I’d love to see his face. They won’t unionize or strike BUT I imagine that would be his first thought
Thanks Brian Cornell...
I'd like to thank Brian Cornell for NOT giving every store company wide a compensation increase. The fact that I am in a Midwest store should not mean our store should not receive a compensatory pay increase. The cost of living is quite high here too. Any wonder why we have such a high turnover. We have lost so many teammembers due to the pay rate (many went to other stores paying more), the workload (too much freight) and the ever changing "routine" (if you know you know). The hours get cut, they expect the same push and enthusiasm for the job. This in turn leaves those of us who have been here and continue to stick it out left with a larger workload and no additional help. How can you expect anyone to want to keep working hard for a base pay of $15 when they are all leaving for jobs starting at $17 - $19 right down the road. You can't live off of this. Even if you get 40 hours you are scraping by. And by scraping by I mean, they are stressed about how to make ends meet. So again Thank You Mr. Brian Cornell for making sure you excluded probably 50% of your stores for the compensation increase. You are a real "winner".
Target CEO Brian Cornell to stay on for three more years, as company scraps retirement age
how Brian Cornell would benefit from a red Minnesota
Petition to have Brian Cornell work a full eight hour Drive Up shift
Until then, shove your "drive up returns" up your ass, corporate.
Brian Cornell makes 805 times more than the median Target employee
Brian Cornell compensation breakdown
This news is not new. However, in the 1950s CEOs made on average 20x the average worker pay. According to EPI.org the average CEO pay has jumped 1322% since just 1978.
Compare that to historical inflation and the median salary of the American workforce and the numbers just don’t match up.
There’s more than 300,000 of us, we need to demand a fairer distribution of the profits.
There is no reason that anyone who is working 40 hours a week should be making around $25k a year after taxes.
I know some of you are going to read this and think “so what, there’s nothing we can do”. That’s not true. We need to realize the power our labor holds. Just last year drive up increased 212% in Q4, who knows what the numbers for 2021 are looking like.
It’s time that our time and effort is paid for fairly. I don’t care if it’s “just retail”. We have one life on this earth and I believe that my limited time here is more valuable than $15/hour.
So the big visit everyone has been losing their minds over was Brian Cornell.
Management has been losing their minds for two weeks, but we have visits quite often so the rest of us were just "business as usual" about it. I was off yesterday, and joked on Wednesday about how glad I was to not be here for a visit cuz they're just stressful days. Find out today it was the big man himself. He brought his wife.
Brian Cornell, thanks for the gas, man!
Just realized that my fantastic raise gives me one gallon of gas every week! Provided, of course, if I actually got 40 hours a week....which we all know is fantasy.
How does that $35 + million of stock you sold on March 17 work out for you? Can you buy an extra plane a week with that?
Top Communities
Similar Topics
<EOS>