https://broadwaynews.com/2023/01/30/complete-casting-announced-for-parade/?utm_source=Delivra&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TCBITheScoop02072023
Complete casting announced for ‘Parade’ | Broadway News

<START>Broadway extends mask requirement through May 31, vaccination will be up…
Associate directors and choreographers to see union representation with SDC
Leaked grosses show impact of Omicron on Broadway
Fall grosses show big wins for old brands, tougher economics elsewhere
‘To Kill a Mockingbird’ will move Broadway theaters, reopen in June
How Moisés Kaufman’s experiences as an immigrant informed his vision for…
Guest Essay: Broadway League’s Equity, Diversity & Inclusion commitment is not…
Opinion: I’m tired of being the token Black friend
Opinion: It’s time for critics to step in
Opinion: What people of color experience at the theater
Review: ‘The Collaboration’ is an unfinished portrait of the artist as…
Review: Stephen McKinley Henderson’s expertise is on full display in ‘Between…
Review: ‘Some Like It Hot’ makes a modern case for a…
Flat direction threatens to kill Adrienne Kennedy’s masterful “Ohio State Murders”
Time has sharpened ‘Ain’t No Mo’ ’s points and edges
Complete casting announced for ‘Parade’
Producers of “Parade” have announced full casting for the upcoming revival, which will begin preview performances on Feb. 21 ahead of a March 16 opening night at the Bernard B. Jacobs Theatre.
Joining the previously announced Ben Platt as Leo Frank and Micaela Diamond as Lucille Frank will be Alex Joseph Grayson as Jim Conley, Tony Award nominee Sean Allan Krill as Governor Slaton, Tony nominee Howard McGillin as Old Soldier/Judge Roan, Paul Alexander Nolan as Hugh Dorsey, Jay Armstrong Johnson as Britt Craig, Kelli Barrett as Mrs. Phagan, Courtnee Carter as Angela, Eddie Cooper as Newt Lee, Erin Rose Doyle as Mary Phagan, Tony nominee Manoel Felciano as Tom Watson, Danielle Lee Greaves as Minnie McKnight, Douglas Lyons as Riley and Jake Pedersen as Frankie Epps.
The ensemble will feature Florrie Bagel, Stacie Bono, Max Chernin, Emily Rose DeMartino, Christopher Gurr, Beth Kirkpatrick, Ashlyn Maddox, Sophia Manicone, William Michals, Jackson Teeley and Charlie Webb. The company’s swings will be Harry Bouvy, Tanner Callicutt, Bailee Endebrock, Caroline Fairweather, Prentiss E. Mouton and Aurelia Williams. Ryan Vona will serve as the standby for Leo Frank. Casting is by Craig Burns of Telsey + Co.
“Parade,” co-conceived by Tony winner Harold Prince, features a book by Tony winner Alfred Uhry and music and lyrics by Tony winner Jason Robert Brown.
“Parade” is being produced on Broadway by Seaview and Ambassador Theatre Group.
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
‘Wicked’ announces several new cast members
Joshua Malina to join ‘Leopoldstadt’ — plus more replacement casting
Full cast and creative team announced for ‘New York, New York’
Bane Griffith joins ‘MJ’ as Little Michael beginning Jan. 31
Grey Henson will join the cast of Broadway’s ‘Shucked’
Alyssa Fox to assume the role of Elphaba in ‘Wicked’
Gary Perez joins cast of ‘Between Riverside and Crazy’
‘Camelot’ announces full casting
McKenzie Kurtz to join Broadway’s ‘Wicked’
Connect
<EOS>