https://www.huffpost.com/entry/taylor-swift-harry-styles-grammys-2023-support_n_63e12f88e4b01a4363962bc9
Taylor Swift Shows Support For Harry Styles At 2023 Grammys | HuffPost Entertainment

<START>Main Menu
News
Politics
Opinion
Entertainment
Life
Voices
Special Projects
HuffPost Personal
Video
Horoscopes
From Our Partners
Newsletters
International
Follow Us
What's Hot
'Daily Show' Guest Host Chelsea Handler Burns 'Whiny Little B**ch' Tucker Carlson
5 Times Republicans Couldn’t Stop Heckling During Biden’s State Of The Union Speech
People Think Kevin McCarthy Just Had His 'Uncomfortable' Ben Affleck Moment
Jonah Hill And Lauren London's 'You People' Kiss Was CGI, According To Co-Star
Kevin McCarthy Didn't Stand When Biden Referred To Jan. 6 In State Of The Union Speech
Salma Hayek: Hollywood Said I’d Be ‘Expired’ By My 40s, But Adam Sandler Changed That
New Gabby Petito Photo Shows Her Injured Face Before Police Encounter
Scoring King: James Passes Abdul-Jabbar For NBA Points Mark
Maybe It’s Time To Leave Ben Affleck And The ‘Sad Affleck’ Meme Alone
Dad Files Lawsuit After Officer Filmed Kneeling On 12-Year-Old Girl’s Neck
Joe Biden Messes With China In Spoof SOTU Entry On ‘The Tonight Show’
Aaron Rodgers Will Take 'Darkness Retreat' Before Contemplating Retirement
Taylor Swift Showed Surprising Support For Harry Styles During His Grammys Win
Senior Culture Reporter, HuffPost
Harry Styles appeared to have a surprise ally in ex-girlfriend Taylor Swift on Sunday as he received the Album of the Year Grammy for “Harry’s House.”
“Harry’s House,” Styles’ third solo album, was both a critical and commercial smash. Still, the British pop star’s win was widely perceived as an upset over Beyoncé, whose disco-infused, genre-defying album “Renaissance” was considered the front-runner for the night’s biggest prize.
As Styles took the stage to accept the award, audience members inside Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena could be heard expressing their frustrations. Among those to do so was journalist Ernest Owens, who shared a short video of the moment on Twitter.
“Beyoncé was robbed,” he tweeted. “This was so underwhelming.”
Beyoncé was robbed. This was so underwhelming. People are leaving by the masses. #GRAMMYs pic.twitter.com/Ih9aFMbqNi
Pitchfork’s editor-in-chief Puja Patel, who attended the Grammys, confirmed that shouting could be heard as Styles began his speech.
“When Harry started talking, some folks in the arena started yelling ‘Beyonce!!!!’ and there was a tense pause,” she wrote on her publication’s live blog. “Not sure if you could hear it on TV. I think the feeling in the room was pretty shocked.”
Footage taken from another vantage point in the arena, however, offered a different perspective on the situation.
The shouts were still audible from the front of the stage, close to where Styles was standing. But some fans noticed that Swift, no stranger to hecklers interrupting her award show appearances, remained standing for the duration of Styles’ speech even as those around her returned to their seats.
it’s just so beyond disrespectful #harrystyles #harry #styles #onedirection #1d #hs3 #hslot #fineline #loml #hotasf #hs1 #harryshouse #youarehome #asitwas #harrystyles loveontour #harryedwardstyles #loveontour #latenighttalking #foryoupage #foryou #fyp #loveontour #taylorswift #swiftie #ootd #grwm #backtoschool #schooloutfit #outfits #outfitinspo #fashion #foryoupage #foryou #fyp #downtowngirl #downtowngirlaesthetic #downtowngirloutfit #downtowngirlstyle #uptowngirl #uptowngirlaesthetic #fallaesthetic #falloutfit #1975 #the1975 #mattyhealy1975 #matty #healy #robbers #bfiafl #beingfunnyinaforeignlanguage #midnights #taylorswift #taylor #swift #swiftie #swifttok #loml #folklore #evermore #reputation #fearless #red #speaknow #lover #1989 #foryoupage #foryou #fyp#midnights #theerastour #taylorswifttour
she’s literally always the only one standing cause she knows what it’s like to feel like everyone hates u in a room bc of what she thought at the VMAS in 2009 pic.twitter.com/uHyB9TFZL9
For some, the scene recalled the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, when Swift’s acceptance speech was interrupted by Ye, then known as Kanye West.
Swift had begun to accept the award for best female video for “You Belong to Me” when Ye stormed the stage and proclaimed Beyoncé’s “Single Ladies” more worthy of the honor.
Later in the show, Beyoncé invited Swift to deliver her acceptance speech when “Single Ladies” won the award for video of the year.
Though the exact timeline of their relationship is unknown, Styles and Swift reportedly dated from 2012 to 2013. The songs “Out of the Woods” and “Style” off Swift’s acclaimed “1989” album are widely speculated to have been inspired by their short romance.
The former couple shared a number of sweet interactions at the Grammys. Swift was also spotted dancing and singing along to Styles’ performance of “As It Was.”
Related
Watch Taylor Swift Calm Down Screaming Photographers On Grammys Red Carpet
Grammys 2023: Here Are All The Winners
Harry Styles Beats Beyoncé In Grammys Shocker
Before You Go
Curtis M. Wong
Senior Culture Reporter, HuffPost
Popular in the Community
You May Like
Trending
Trending
Kevin McCarthy Repeatedly Shushes Marjorie Taylor Greene During State Of The Union Speech
Biden's State Of The Union Speech Shows This Isn't Your Father's Democratic Party
Marjorie Taylor Greene Becomes Meme Of The Night For All The Wrong Reasons
'A Sick Puppy': Mitt Romney And George Santos Get Into Tense Exchange At State Of The Union
Marjorie Taylor Greene Shouts 'Liar' At Joe Biden During State Of The Union
TRENDING IN SHOPPING
TRENDING IN SHOPPING
Need A Last-Minute Valentine’s Day Gift? Apple AirPods Pros Are On Sale.
32 Things That Pet Owners Who’ve Rescued Pets Swear By
You Need These Travel Expert-Approved Items Before Your Next Flight
The Microwave Is No Longer Your Kitchen’s Greatest Eyesore
Valentine’s Day Gifts For The Most Important Person In Your Life —YOU
Entertainment
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
What's Hot
George Santos Said Biden SOTU Was ‘Gaslighting’ And You Know What Happened Next
Sarah Huckabee Sanders' 'Normal Or Crazy' Challenge Backfires Spectacularly
Sarah Huckabee Sanders Goes Heavy On Far-Right Grievances In State Of The Union Response
Biden Boasts Of Low Unemployment, Bipartisan Accomplishments In State Of The Union Speech
TRENDING IN SHOPPING
Need A Last-Minute Valentine’s Day Gift? Apple AirPods Pros Are On Sale.
32 Things That Pet Owners Who’ve Rescued Pets Swear By
You Need These Travel Expert-Approved Items Before Your Next Flight
The Microwave Is No Longer Your Kitchen’s Greatest Eyesore
More In Entertainment
Madonna Blames Ageism, Misogyny For Rabid Post-Grammys Social Media Attacks
CBS Chooses Replacement For 'Late Late Show with James Corden': Report
Jay-Z Says Beyoncé Should've Won Grammys Album Of The Year
Joe Rogan's Comment About Jews And Money Draws Sharp Rebuke
Sam Morrison's 'Sugar Daddy' Is A Queer And Unconventional Valentine To A Lost Love
Disney Removes 'Simpsons' Episode With 'Forced Labor' Dig In Hong Kong
Desi Lydic Bursts Fox News’ Balloon Freakout With A Brutal Parody
Lizzo Gives Herself Some Deserved Praise After Powerhouse Grammys Performance
Harry Styles' Dancers Blame Tech Mishap For Chaotic Grammys Performance
Maria Menounos Expecting Her First Baby With Her Husband After 'A Decade Of Trying'
J.Lo And Ben Affleck Appeared To Have A Spat At The Grammys, And People Have Theories
LSU Basketball Star Flau’jae Johnson Shoots Her Shot On 'America's Got Talent'
Ashton Kutcher Explains Why Those Pics With Reese Witherspoon Look So Awkward
Eddie Izzard Recalls How She Shot Down A Heckler With 1 Tiny Word
Sarah Michelle Gellar Recalls What You Didn't See During 'Cruel Intentions' Kiss
Stephen 'tWitch' Boss' Mom Reacts To Grammys In Memoriam Segment
Netflix Announces All-Star Cast For New Drama Based On Prince Andrew's Newsnight Interview
Seth Meyers Points Out Chinese Balloon's Biggest Flaw
Pink Floyd Feud Spills Out Into Public As Roger Waters, David Gilmour Go At it
‘Daily Show’ Guest Chelsea Handler Fact-Checks ‘Moron’ Marjorie Taylor Greene
People Are Dying Over Reese Witherspoon And Ashton Kutcher’s Stiff Red Carpet Photos
Marjorie Taylor Greene Roasted For 'Unholy' Gripe About Sam Smith And Kim Petras
Pedro Pascal Delightfully Derails ‘SNL’ Sketch When He Loses It Laughing
Matthew McConaughey To Voice Elvis Character In New Netflix Cartoon
Kate Middleton Shared A Previously Unseen Photo To Highlight An Important Cause
Harry Styles Slammed For Clueless Remark During His Album Of The Year Grammys Speech
Fans Left Shocked, Dismayed After Singer Snubbed From Grammys Tribute
'Moon Girl and Devil Dinosaur' Diamond White On Why 'Representation Matters' In Series
Michael Jackson Documentary Director: Biopic 'Will Glorify A Man Who Raped Children'
Tom Brady's Movie Just Beat A Formidable Opponent At The Box Office
Bad Bunny Performance Has Fans Calling Grammy Awards 'Racist' And 'Ignorant'
Bonnie Raitt Is As Shocked As The Rest Of The Internet Upon Receiving Her Grammy
Sam Smith And Kim Petras Take Grammys To Hell With Fiery Performance Of 'Unholy'
Grammys Celebrate Hip-Hop's 50th Anniversary With Star-Studded Performance
Chris Brown Throws Angry Fit After Robert Glasper Scores Best R&B Album Grammy
Choir-Backed Lizzo Brings Down The House With 'Special' Grammys Performance
Quavo Delivers Moving 'In Memoriam' Tribute To Takeoff, And Everyone Is Crying
Beyoncé Becomes First Black Woman To Win Dance/Electronic Album Grammy
Sam Smith And Kim Petras Make LGBTQ History With Major Grammy Win
Trevor Noah Introduces The Duo You Didn't Know You Needed In Grammys Monologue
<EOS>