https://www.reddit.com/t/mike_lindell/
Best Mike Lindell Posts - Reddit

<START>Posts about Mike Lindell
MyPillow Guy Mike Lindell Challenging Ronna McDaniel for RNC Chair Position: ‘We Need a New Input’
https://www.mediaite.com/politics/mypillow-guy-mike-lindell-challenging-ronna-mcdaniel-for-rnc-chair-position-we-need-a-new-input/
MyPillow founder Mike Lindell is planning on challenging Republican National Committee chair Ronna McDaniel.
Lindell remains a vocal and loyal supporter of former President Donald Trump. He also continues denying election results, primarily the 2020 presidential election. His claims have led to a defamation lawsuit and a suspension from Twitter.
Despite some significant losses in the midterm elections, McDaniel is planning on running for reelection as the chair of the RNC.
In a livestream this week, Lindell called for new RNC leadership and suggested he would be up to the job.
“We need someone everybody, and I would step into that, if God willing,” he said. The clip of Lindell was flagged on Twitter by Ron Filipkowski.
Lindell later confirmed his plans to National File later, accusing McDaniel of failing in her role with the party.
“Ronna McDaniel has failed in her leadership,” he said. “We need a new input to get a different output.”
He also called the RNC “one of the most important organizations in our country” and claimed his own experience in business makes him a good fit.
“We need someone who knows how to run a business to lead one of the most important organizations in our country,” Lindell said.
MyPillow Guy Mike Lindell Challenging Ronna McDaniel for RNC Chair Position: ‘We Need a New Input’
MyPillow guy Mike Lindell may need a long rest after big defamation lawsuit loss
Mitre10 Mega sells pillows from Mike Lindell (the My Pillow Guy). How do we feel about products from a political extremist & conspiracy nut being sold here?
Especially since therapeutic pillows are such a widely available and generally interchangeable product. Seems like a concious decision on their part? I would hope that NZ could avoid products from the trashier elements of the American political system.... Even Wallmart has stopped stocking his products.
Was at Mitre 10 Mega Albany in one of the chuckouts bins. $49, from memory.
tl:dr I like Mitre 10 Mega, not Mitre 10 MAGA
Big turnout for Mike Lindell (the ‘My Pillow’ guy) at the Capitol today! There are dozens of them - DOZENS!
Jon Brennan with Mike Lindell, the MyPillow guy
https://www.instagram.com/p/CfK7bCLtLEG/
I understand Jon is a rural evangelical and sheltered person, but gotta say this was a real stomach-turner. Lindell is a bottomfeeding crackpot to put it mildly and I'm trying to imagine why someone would pose with him for social media, or for literally any other reason. Jon seemed like he had more sense than that.
‘MyPillow Guy’ Mike Lindell Sues To Get His Phone Back From The FBI
Mike Lindell (The My Pillow Guy) is going to be at the Capitol protest tomorrow
Its an election fraud protest. Thought it was funny that The My Pillow Guy is going to be there.
Top Communities
Similar Topics
<EOS>