https://www.reddit.com/t/tai_lopez/
Best Tai Lopez Posts - Reddit

<START>Posts about Tai Lopez
Is adam khoo a singaporean tai lopez?
Purely curiousity 'cause his ads popped up when I watched youtube. What's his reputation among singaporean?
then I google search further, I found his "master" called ernest wong who built some kind of "leadership camp". is this ernest wong guy another scammer?
Tai Lopez Scammed me
So I wanted to improve my sales without spending thousands of dollars and decided to purchase Tai Lopez's course "Black belt sales persuasion & mastery" for 97$.
Turns out the course doesnt even exist. After buying i couldnt access it because its "Comming Soon". So basically I spent my money on nothing
I decided to give him a chance and emailed his support on multiple different channels, about when the course would come online, since in all honesty, i dont want to learn sales next month or even next year. I need it now. Well, NOBODY answered me.
After waiting for over 2 days i decided to request a refund. Well, surprise, surprise... Nobody got back to me
Is there a way I can get a REFUND from Tai Lopez, or at least contact him or his support in some kind of way? (I already messaged support@tailopez.com multiple times with no results)
Also mby you know a good and not incredibly expensive course about sales (i work in b2c telesales)
Tai Lopez giving you advice
Tai Lopez is back scamming
Hey who remembers when this stupid advertisement for Tai Lopez? lol what kind of Lamborghini was that anyway??
Don't celebrate RadioShack's crypto pivot — its just a Tai Lopez scheme
Remembered that old Tai Lopez video and felt the need to make this (999 Kitchen Spoilers)
I still don't understand how known internet idiots like Tai Lopez still find a place in the crypto market to sell their over-priced crap.
Remember the "here in my garage" guy? Well he's back, he riddled YouTube with ads back in the day and now he's into crypto making NFTs.
If you don't know who Tai Lopez is, he's a get rich quick marketer who found sucess on YouTube back in 2015 which he then promptly disappeared after. He used to talk about "knowledge" all the time while making videos in his (you guessed it) garage while posing next to a rented Lamborghini.
Selling overpriced useless courses made him millions and now he's trying to sell NFTs, with overpriced NFT mentorship cards that have different tiers valued as high as 18.4 Ether which give the buyer different access to his "old garage social club" and access to Tai himself as in spending time, having a phone call and even having a basketball game with him. So please pay this guy no attention when you come across him and all the similar people cause they're giving the platform a bad scammy image.
If the genuine startups in the market and the people doing hard work on projects everyday got half the attention that these people get, we'd have a better platform. I'm glad there's IDO incubators like solanaprime are helping up and comers expose their projects more widely to investors.
Overall, always DYOR not just about the projects but about rhe backgrounds of these people if you've never heard of him having a real name attached to project is not enough sometimes, dig in the history.
Top Communities
Similar Topics
<EOS>