https://www.reddit.com/t/art_modell/
Best Art Modell Posts - Reddit

<START>Posts about Art Modell
ProFootballTalk on Twitter: Peyton Manning says Bill Belichick hated Art Modell so much that he once added Peter Boulware to the AFC Pro Bowl team to force Modell to pay Boulware's Pro Bowl bonus.
Peyton Manning says Bill Belichick once put Peter Boulware in the Pro Bowl to spite Art Modell
Peyton Manning says Bill Belichick once put Peter Boulware in the Pro Bowl to spite Art Modell
[Ruiter] Art Modell eliminated from consideration for @ProFootballHOF for 2023. Gone in the first vote.
[Ruiter] Art Modell eliminated from consideration for @ProFootballHOF for 2023. Gone in the first vote. After 3 rounds of voting Don Coryell selected as a finalist in the coach/contributor category.
Can't remember where I got this Art Modell rant from, but 10 years ago I posted this to face book.
Here is Art Moddels true legacy You don't how many lives he destroyed and literally effected. Do you live in Cleveland? Do know how bad the city suffered from the lack of Browns gameday revenue? I know this may come as a shock to you, but the Browns were a HUGE deal in Northeast, Ohio. Jobs, incomes, livelyhoods, businesses depended on Sundays in the fall. You have no idea what you are talking about. It wasn't just about moving a simple football team. It went way deeper than that and had real life consequences. Art Modell was an asshole who hurt people because he was a terrible businessman and was going bankrupt while selling out the stadium every week. That's right, every Browns game for well over a decade was sold out, yet he couldn't stay above water because he was shit as a businessman. So he sold out the city of Cleveland to save his own sorry ass. Screw what happened to lives here, he got to keep his football team in the family. He could have sold the Browns to someone who would have kept them in Cleveland, but he was too arrogant and egotistical to do that. It was more important that he could give the team to his sons, than were the people and the city of Cleveland. He's an asshole and always will be. I shed no tears for that man. Now you know the real story. PATHETIC right back
[Brownswire] Former Browns owner Art Modell once again a semifinalist for Pro Football Hall of Fame
[OC] [Highlight] Imagine if the Baltimore Ravens played in the NFC East. Well, in 2000, that almost happened, as owner Art Modell offered as part of the impending realignment plan to move his Ravens to the NFC East
Top Communities
Similar Topics
<EOS>