https://www.reddit.com/t/dean_kamen/
Best Dean Kamen Posts - Reddit

<START>Posts about Dean Kamen
Just listened to the Dean Kamen/It episode, how do y’all feel about the e-scooters craze/invasion?
The Dollop #565 - Dean Kamen and It
Dean Kamen Slap Counter
Dean Kamen Slap Counter
Dean Kamen and his Segway is a crazy story, but the Slingshot Water Purifier is to me even crazier
The first I heard about Dean Kamen's followup to the Segway was during his appearance on The Colbert Report in 2008. With "no membranes, no filters, no chemicals," Kamen claimed that you could stick a hose into "anything that looks wet" and his machine would produce "perfect distilled clean water." The goal, he said, was to put these machines into production and "wipe out 50% of communicable disease." Big talk perhaps to be expected from the creator of the Segway, but if these machines could really produce clean drinking water from any source (there's no shortage of ocean water atm) then this device really could change the world.
Except that was almost fifteen years ago. So WTF happened?
Apparently Kamen's inability to properly market, cheapness, and general tendency towards failure won out. This article from 2018 claims that he couldn't make funding inroads with his previous medical contacts as they have no incentive to help the impoverished, and instead made a deal with Coca-Cola to create a "better" self-service soda dispenser, and in return Slingshots would be included in Coke's new Ekocenters, a solar powered general store/wifi hub/gathering place/convenient spot at which to purchase Coca Cola products/PR Greenwashing spin by a multinational. Coke claims there are 150 ekocenters in various countries, but I didn't see any proof from my (admittedly not extensive) internet searches.
It's highly possible at a lot of the Slingshot claims were as bullshit as a lot of the Segway claims turned out to be. Still, this is the bigger loss to me; water purification is a huge issue all over the world including right here in the United States, and will only get more important as time passes.
[Tesla Roadster] VIN #14 Owned by none other than Dean Kamen
Questions for Dean Kamen
If you ran into Dean, what questions would you want to ask him the most?
Today I learned of North Dumpling Island in NY, owned by Dean Kamen, creator of the Segway. It has its own currency (the Dumpling) a passport that requires a picture of your face and behind, and Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield are the ministers of Ice Cream.
Top Communities
Similar Topics
<EOS>