https://www.huffpost.com/static/comment-policy
HuffPost | Comment Policy

<START>Main Menu
News
Politics
Opinion
Entertainment
Life
Voices
Special Projects
HuffPost Personal
Video
Horoscopes
From Our Partners
Newsletters
International
Follow Us
Frequently Asked Questions

HuffPost Community Code of Conduct Welcome to the HuffPost Community - We are dedicated to maintaining a respectful community that actively engages in lively discussions about news stories and blog posts. Please keep the following in mind when writing your comments. Respect Others - Please be polite to all the members of our Community, including other commenters, authors and the subjects of articles. Also, keep in mind that there are real people reading your comments. Safe Space - Above all, we believe strongly that the HuffPost Community should be a safe and welcoming space for all individuals, groups and their ideas. As such, any rudeness, insults, hate, hostility, or negativity may be removed and you may lose your ability to comment. Moderation - In order to provide a safe space for our community, comments may be pre-moderated by our team before posting to the site. Commenting & Moderation Policy
Q: What is HuffPost's Code of Conduct?
A: Community and Commenting Guiding Principles
HuffPost has a thriving user community and encourages commenting on news stories and blog posts. We are dedicated to maintaining a respectful, engaging and informative conversation. Towards that end, we have basic ground rules for commenting to maintain a civil atmosphere. These are supported by a moderating system that features a team of staff moderators. If you wish to participate in the community, we ask that you follow the ground rules below and the spirit of the community they seek to create.
(I) If your comments make this community a less civil and enjoyable place to be, you and your comments may be excluded from it.
(II) Comments may be pre-moderated.
(III) Be yourself, only yourself, and just one of yourself.
(IV) Safe Space.
Q: I posted a comment. Why can't I see it on the site?
A: Please be aware that not all comments may appear immediately on HuffPost. In some cases, posts must wait for moderator approval before being displayed.
Q: Why do my posts never appear in the HuffPost comments?
A: If a user has repeatedly posted comments that have violated our rules, their comments may be blocked from appearing on the site. This would include inappropriate comments that contain insults, attacks, abuse towards other users or groups; or users who have engaged in trolling or hijacking the comment threads.
<EOS>