https://www.reddit.com/t/tom_perriello/
Best Tom Perriello Posts - Reddit

<START>Posts about Tom Perriello
I'm Tom Perriello, current candidate for Virginia Governor, pragmatic populist, former diplomat, lifelong Democrat. AMA
Running for governor because Virginia is worth fighting for, and everyone deserves a fair shot. Former teacher, diplomat and Congressman, always a Buffy fan. Find out about our campaign here: www.tomforvirginia.com.
Proof: https://twitter.com/tomperriello/status/843961101939359744
Bernie Sanders' Our Revolution Gets Behind Tom Perriello In Virginia Race
Ralph Northam defeats Tom Perriello for Democratic nomination for governor
Sen. Bernie Sanders endorses Tom Perriello in Virginia governor’s race
Bernie Sanders has endorsed Tom Perriello for Virginia governor, in the Democratic primary against Ralph Northam. Can he upset the current Lieutenant governor in his bid for the governorship?
Perriello was a former Virginia congressman, who served for one term from 2009-2011; he lost re-election in a heavy Republican district during the tea party wave. Northam is the current Lieutenant Governor of Virginia, to popular Democrat Terry McAuliffe; the post of Virginia governor is single-term limited, and there are off-year elections every 4 years.
What does Sanders' support, and the endorsement of the progressive wing of the Democratic party that will likely follow, say about Perriello and Northam's chances in the primary and general elections? Will a progressive candidate endorsed by Sanders be able to win in a leaning-Democratic state with a large rural population? Can he upset Northam in the primary, and what are each of their chances of beating Ed Gillespie (former RNC chair) or Corey Stewart (Trump's former Virginia campaign chairman) in the general?
Bernie Sanders endorses Tom Perriello for governor
Sen. Bernie Sanders endorses Tom Perriello in Virginia governor’s race
Bernie Sanders endorses Tom Perriello in Virginia’s gubernatorial race
Top Communities
Similar Topics
<EOS>