https://www.reddit.com/t/ryan_holiday/
Best Ryan Holiday Posts - Reddit

<START>Posts about Ryan Holiday
I'm tired of Ryan Holiday.
Stoicism is not some easy self-help cash cow, nor is it only made of ethics. this guy strips everything from stoicism that doesn't fit his extremely modern american pragmatism and then re-packages it as easy to digest daily bro-pills. "if people find him useful then its good" NO its not! its reductionist and it cheapens the philosophical value of stoicism. this is not "power of now roman edition"...
try The Cambridge Companion to The Stoics and read the original philosophers.
note: if you really need a modern introduction, A Guide to the Good Life: The Ancient Art of Stoic Joy by William B. Irvine is a much better introduction than anything RH has written.
Remember: we don’t control what happens, we control how we respond. -Ryan Holiday[image]
Remember: we don’t control what happens, we control how we respond. -Ryan Holiday
Thanks for Ryan Holiday Hypocrite Debate Responses!
I was the OP on the post about the debate on if Ryan Holiday is a hypocrite. I was conflicted. After reading all the responses, I have been convinced he is not a hypocrite. He has helped millions improve their life, including me, and he has brought Stocism to the masses. He has every right to work hard and deserves all the money he earns. Hard work is a value of mine, and I am thankful for his hard work. If Ryan is reading this, I apologize for questioning you, as I do not know you personally, and you can see you have the support of the r/stoicism community! I will be buying the leather Meditations, and continue to preorder all the books you publish, as you said it helps you. Thanks to the kind gift of time of the r/stoicism community for helping me with this conflict.
“Let there be no more debate over what a good man is, just be one.”
Ryan is a good man. Keep up the good work, Ryan!
Ryan Holiday Debate
Hi all. I’m the one who made the poll about buying the leather bound Meditations.
I’m a big Ryan Holiday fan. I read all his books, and I credit the Obstacle is the Way with helping me get the strength to pull myself out of personal devastation last year. Now I use and recommend the “Obstacle is the Way” approach to solve any problem. I also read other popular Stoic books, am working my way through the ancient texts, and do “Aurelius Journaling” where I pick a random passage from Meditations every day and journal about. I am a committed Stoic, understand the principles, but know I have a lot to learn, so I come on r/stocism to learn, and many of you have been generous with the gift of your time to teach me, so thanks to the community.
That’s me. I know Ryan Holiday is controversial on here, and I spent a lot of time defending him. Maybe I feel that I should because he book helped me so much.
Today’s Daily Stoic e-mail was about how you don’t need much money to be happy, that you should enjoy free or inexpensive things, and it’s a waste of time to spend all your time working to earn money to buy luxuries. He passed on the advice of rock star Warren Zevon, (of Werewolves of London fame) when told he has terminal cancer, suggested to “enjoy every sandwhich.” He said this reminds us of the Stoic moto of Momento Mori…..then he pushed the reader to buy his $30 Momento Mori coin (which I bought before).
Therefore, I like to ask the community if we could have an open minded discussion on if Ryan Holiday is a hypocrite. He is weathky and lives on a gigantic ranch, and while he posts practical tips to have work-life balance and says he makes time for his young children everyday, he must work more than 40 hours a week and spend a lot of time away from home a week with how prolific he is with his writing and videos, promoting his work, running a physical bookstore, running his online store, and traveling the county for speaking engagements.
We all need to earn a living, and I have no problem with wealthy people.
Ryan has already made more than I will make in my lifetime. Retiring early I believe is unhealthy. But if he is truly not into making as much money as possible, why doesn’t just writer books, which I’m sure would be a full time job, and quit all these sides gigs? If he makes less money, he can still live an above average lifestyle.
That’s what I know about him and the questions I ask I pose to the community, to get a debate on the table with this prompt:
“Is Ryan Holiday a hypocrite for teaching the value of not working too hard and enjoying inexpensive things, while he works a lot more than needed and lives a luxury lifestyle?”
Ryan Holiday
I am new to stoicism and i found out this youtuber named Ryan Holiday, even subscribed to his emails. Seems good to me so far and hence thought of buying his books, what are your thoughts? Is he legit?
Is Ryan Holiday a great stoic?
I don't know much about Ryan, so I would like to know your opinion about him, as he seems to be interesting
Casey @ Ryan Holiday meeting. 12-28-15 - Anything ever come of this?!
Remember: we don’t control what happens, we control how we respond. -Ryan Holiday
Top Communities
Similar Topics
<EOS>