https://www.broadwayworld.com/article/A-BEAUTIFUL-NOISE-THE-NEIL-DIAMOND-MUSICAL-Releases-New-Block-of-Tickets-Through-January-2024-20230207
A BEAUTIFUL NOISE, THE NEIL DIAMOND MUSICAL Releases New Block of Tickets Through January 2024

<START>A BEAUTIFUL NOISE, THE NEIL DIAMOND MUSICAL Releases New Block of Tickets Through January 2024
With this new block of tickets on sale, Wednesday evening performances will be replaced by Thursday matinees beginning on Thursday, September 7, 2023.
A new block of tickets are on sale now for A Beautiful Noise, The Neil Diamond Musical on Broadway. Tickets are now available through Sunday, January 7, 2024 online, by calling 800 447 7400, or at the Broadhurst Theatre (235 West 44th Street) box office.
With this new block of tickets on sale, Wednesday evening performances will be replaced by Thursday matinees beginning on Thursday, September 7, 2023. Producer Ken Davenport said, "We have been overwhelmed by the audience response to this show. I'm used to people leaving shows on a high, but the audiences for A Beautiful Noise arrive ready for a great time. I'm thrilled that our new block of tickets will keep audiences on their feet at the Broadhurst into 2024 and beyond."
The cast of A Beautiful Noise is led by Tony Award速 nominee Will Swenson as Neil Diamond - Then, Mark Jacoby as Neil Diamond - Now, Robyn Hurder as Marcia, and Linda Powell as Doctor. They are joined by Jessie Fisher as Jaye Posner; Michael McCormick as Paul Colby, Tommy O'Rourke; Tom Alan Robbins as Bert Berns, Kieve Diamond; and Bri Sudia as Ellie Greenwich, Rose Diamond.
The ensemble, swings, and standbys include Neal Benari (standby Neil Diamond - Now), Ninako Donville (swing), Paige Faure (ensemble), Nick Fradiani (Alternate Neil Diamond - Then), Kalonjee Gallimore (ensemble), Samantha Gershman (swing), Becky Gulsvig (standby for Ellie Greenwich, Jaye Posner, Marcia, and Rose Diamond), Alex Hairston (ensemble), Makai Hernandez (swing), Jess LeProtto (ensemble), Tatiana Lofton (ensemble), Aaron James McKenzie (ensemble), Mary Page Nance (ensemble), Robert Pendilla (swing), Max Sangerman (ensemble), MiMi Scardulla (ensemble) and Deandre Sevon (ensemble).
Will Swenson currently plays a schedule of seven performances per week with Nick Fradiani playing Neil Diamond - Then during the Wednesday evening performances.
Including a score of Diamond's most beloved songs, A Beautiful Noise features a book by four-time Academy Award速-nominee Anthony McCarten (I Wanna Dance with Somebody, Bohemian Rhapsody, The Theory of Everything), direction by Tony Award速 winner Michael Mayer (Spring Awakening, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, American Idiot), and choreography by Olivier Award速 winner and four-time Tony Award nominee Steven Hoggett (Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Once, Black Watch).
The design team for A Beautiful Noise features Tony Award winner David Rockwell (scenic design), Tony Award nominee Emilio Sosa (costume design), four-time Tony Award winner Kevin Adams (lighting design), Tony Award winner Jessica Paz (sound design), and Luc Verschueren (hair and wig design). The production has music supervision and arrangements by Sonny Paladino, incidental music and dance music arrangements by Brian Usifer, vocal design by AnnMarie Milazzo, and orchestrations by Bob Gaudio, Sonny Paladino, and Brian Usifer. The team also includes Bonnie Panson (production stage manager), Jamie Harrison (illusion consultant), Kathy Fabian (properties designer), Jim Carnahan, CSA (casting), and Ryan Conway of Architect Theatrical (general manager).
With his first break into songwriting in the 1960s and his meteoric rise in the 1970s, and plenty of crushing disappointments and heart-stopping triumphs along the way, Neil Diamond has maintained an almost unthinkable level of superstardom for five straight decades. How did a poor Jewish kid from Brooklyn become one of the most universally adored showmen of all time? There's only one way to tell it: a musical set to his era-defining smash hits that entranced the world.
Throughout his phenomenal and wide-ranging career, Neil Diamond has performed at sold-out stadiums and arenas around the world, dominated the charts for more than five decades, sold over 130 million albums worldwide and achieved record sales.
A Grammy Award-winning artist, Diamond is a member of the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame and the Songwriters Hall of Fame. He has been presented with the Johnny Mercer Award, the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, and the Sammy Cahn Lifetime Achievement Award, three of the highest honors bestowed on songwriters and artists. He has also been the recipient of the NARAS Music Cares Person of The Year Award and the prestigious Kennedy Center Award for his contributions to American culture.
His music has earned him a multi-generational fanbase and he is a believer of the healing power of music. Through his charitable foundation, he has supported many causes close to his heart.
A Beautiful Noise is produced by Ken Davenport, Bob Gaudio, Sandi Moran, Hunter Arnold, Scott Abrams, Marco Santarelli, Jonathan and Rae Corr, Marguerite Steed Hoffman, Ron Kastner, Rob Kolson, Valli Family Group, Caiola Productions, Paul Dainty AM, Gaudio Family Group, Joseph J. Grano Jr., Starlight Theatre, Roy Putrino, James L. Nederlander, Tricia Blake, Mark E. Jacobs, Universal Music Group Theatrical, Deborah Green, Patty Baker, Sheri and Les Biller, H. Richard Hopper, Sharon Karmazin, NETworks Presentations, Adam Riemer, Matthew Salloway, BB Investments LLC, Universal Theatrical Group, Witz End Productions, Theatre Producers of Color, and Ryan Conway.
The Original Broadway Cast Recording of A Beautiful Noise, produced by Bob Gaudio and released by UMe, is available now as a CD and to stream on all major platforms. To order the album or stream it, please visit www.abeautifulnoise.lnk.to/originalcastalbumpr
Shop this season's new musicals! Get dressed up for a night at the theatre, or just a night at home, with merch from some of Broadway's biggest hits including SOME LIKE IT HOT, KIMBERLY AKIMBO, and more!
Buy at the Theatre Shop
Beautiful Noise On The Rocks Tumbler
Beautiful Noise Sweet Caroline Pin
Beautiful Noise I Am Tote
A Beautiful Noise Unisex Logo Jean Jacket
More Hot Stories For You
Most Popular

What Are the Longest Running Musicals That Haven't Been Revived (Yet)?
Photos: First Look At SUNSET BOULEVARD At The Kennedy Center
Video: Full Cast and Creative Team Announced for NEW YORK, NEW YORK; Plus Watch a New Trailer!
Tony Awards Committee Determines Eligibility of 20 Broadway Shows
BroadwayWorld TV
Exclusive: See A Preview of the 2023 Kleban Prize Ceremony, Streaming On Broadway On Demand
Video: ALMOST FAMOUS Cast Takes Over Broadway Sessions
Video: Watch KIMBERLY AKIMBO Cast in Music Video for 'This Time'
VIDEO: Watch the GREASE: RISE OF THE PINK LADIES Official Trailer
Video: Watch Jennifer Holliday Preview Her 54 Below Return
Exclusive: Graham Phillips & Krystina Alabado Rehearse 'Move On' at Pasadena Playhouse
VIDEO: Stephanie J. Block Sings 'As If We Never Said Goodbye' at the Kennedy Center
VIDEO: ROOM Releases Trailer Featuring Adrienne Warren
Exclusive: Ramin Karimloo Sings 'Cathedrals' from His First Studio Album
TICKET CENTRAL
Recommended for You

News + special offers for Broadway Shows
Sign-Up for Broadway News
Follow Us
BWW Sister Sites
Apps
<EOS>