https://www.reddit.com/r/WitchesVsPatriarchy/?f=flair_name%3A%22Tarot%22
Witches vs Patriarchy

<START>Witches vs Patriarchy
r/WitchesVsPatriarchy
Me: "Oh great tarot deck, tell me the source of my problems!" *Tarot deck holds up a mirror* Me: "Quiet, you."
Tarot help?
Tarot help
I asked what February has in store for me
🕯IMBOLC SPREAD🕯
Thinking about embroidering my own tarot/altar cloth, is it a good idea? Would it cause any nevative energy?
My first tarot card spread. I have a lot to learn, but the deck was too beautiful not to grab a picture. ❤️
About Community
Members
Online
Coven Discord
✨ Join the official WvP Coven on Discord ✨
About
Though women-centric, we welcome all beings interested in using their esoteric powers to destroy the Patriarchy and all its constraints on women, men, and everybody in between and beyond.
Taking a more historic approach to the concept of witches, this sub is meant to channel the spirit of the women who were persecuted in witch trials worldwide as part of a thinly veiled systemic oppression of female power.
Witchy Memes are highly encouraged, as well as pop culture references, life advice, and general discussions from a mystical and/or spiritual perspective. Open minds and a sense of humor are required.
If a gender is to be assumed, that gender must be female. If you would not like to be assumed female, please use a different gender-specific or androgynous "☉" flair.
This subreddit is a Safe Space for Women, BIPOC, and anyone in the LGTBQ+ community. We are Sisters, not Cisters. If you do not consider yourself an ally, then this subreddit is not for you.
WitchesVsPatriarchy is curated to maintain a warm, hopeful, healing, supportive, and uplifting environment.
r/WitchesVsPatriarchy Rules
Posting Guidelines
Witchy content is most encouraged! It doesn't have to be feminist, but witchy+feminist+humorous will score you extra points.
WVP is curated to maintain a warm, hopeful, supportive, and uplifting environment. Content that is better suited to other subs may be removed. Posts that provoke outrage, or focus on negative or anti-feminist behavior will be removed.
Trauma-heavy posts may be directed to other subs or will be removed if they reach a certain karma limit. Titles must be neutral in regard to upsetting content.
We allow self-promotion (including selfies) as long as it is witchy/feminist and not spammy.
Links to (and screenshots of) other subs are not allowed, nor are calls-to-arms about other users or subs.
Adverts for chat groups, surveys, and data gathering are not allowed.
Pics of familiars are encouraged but posts may not mention death, injury, or illness.
WVP is a gender inclusive women-centric subreddit. Posts that center the points of view of men may be removed.
FAQ
Can I be a Witch if I don't actually believe in anything?
Your questions about sage and smudging answered here
Are guys welcome here? Are you against men?
Glossary of Commonly Appropriated Terms in the Witchcraft Community
Resources
Basic Definition of Patriarchy
Caliban and the Witch is a history of the transition to capitalism. In it, Silvia Federici argues that the witch hunts of the sixteenth- and seventeenth-centuries served to create and enforce a newly established role in society for women, who were consigned to unpaid reproductive labour to satisfy the needs of an ascendant capitalist order.
Witchcraft, Gender, & Marxism is a video essay by Philosophy Tube inspired by Silvia Federici's writings.
In her TED talk, The Urgency of Intersectionality Kimberlé Crenshaw explains how and why she coined the term and reminds us to #SayHerName.
This subreddit supports the Black Lives Matter movement.
Angela Davis explains how our notions of Revolution need to be far more capacious.
The Satanic Temple - Why WvP does not stand with it and why you shouldn't donate (and more)
Your FAQs about white sage and smudging are answered here
r/MensLib is a great resource for Male-specific issues with Patriarchy.
r/TrollXChromosomes is another great female subreddit with a sense of humor.
Other suggested subreddits include r/FemmeThoughts, r/Tarot, r/SASSwitches, and r/HellsomeMemes.
Post Flairs
<EOS>