https://deadline.com/2023/02/la-la-land-broadway-musical-in-the-works-1235252122/
‘La La Land’ Broadway Musical In the Works – Deadline

<START>Follow Us:
site categories
Amazon’s Kelly Day Restructures Prime Video International
‘La La Land’ Broadway Musical In The Works
By Anthony D'Alessandro
Anthony D'Alessandro
Editorial Director/Box Office Editor
More Stories By Anthony
A Broadway musical take of the six-time Oscar-winning, $472 million worldwide-grossing movie La La Land is in development, Emmy- and Tony-winning producer Marc Platt said Tuesday.
The show, based on the Damien Chazelle-directed movie, will be helmed by Tony and Drama Desk-winning director Bartlett Sher based on a book written by Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Ayad Akhtar and three-time Barrymore Award winner Matthew Decker. The stage adaptation will feature music by the film’s composer and two-time Oscar winner Justin Hurwitz and lyrics by Oscar- and Tony-winning composing team Benj Pasek and Justin Paul.
Related Story
Adele Lim Lionsgate Movie 'Joy Ride' Heads To SXSW For World Premiere

The movie, which starred Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, followed an aspiring actress and a jazz musician as they pursue their dreams in Los Angeles. The pic won Oscars for director, actress in a leading role, production design, cinematography, original score and original song among its 14 nominations.
“I’m thrilled to reunite with Lionsgate and the incredible team behind La La Land to adapt the movie for the Broadway stage, the next exciting chapter in its evolution,” said Platt, who also produced the movie. “We’ve assembled a world-class team to create a musical that will delight La La Land’s millions of current fans and introduce the property to a whole new audience.”
“With La La Land in Concert marking its sixth year of touring worldwide and the original film a timeless and globally revered cultural touchstone, we’re excited to provide fans yet another way to experience the original movie,” said Jenefer Brown, Lionsgate EVP & Head of Global Products & Experiences.
La La Land’s planned adaptation to the Broadway stage follows the launch of several live stage productions based on Lionsgate film and television properties including Dirty Dancing, Now You See Me, Wonder and Nashville.
The deal was negotiated for Lionsgate by Brown, EVP of Business & Legal Affairs Eva Feder and Stefan Schick at Loeb & Loeb.
Must Read Stories
‘Late Late Show With James Corden’ To Be Replaced With ‘@midnight’ Reboot On CBS
WBD Abandons Plan To Sunset Discovery+ Ahead Of HBO Max Merger
Bonham Carter Reteams With ‘Crown’ Director; Zar Amir Ebrahimi, Henry Golding Pics
Oscar Hopeful ‘Aftersun’ Sets Streaming Record, Crosses Box Office Milestones
Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy.
Read More About:
6 Comments
Sidebar
Trending on Deadline
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters
By subscribing, I agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Latest Film News
Andrew Scott & Others Join Netflix's ‘Back In Action’ With Jamie Foxx, Cameron Diaz
Henry Golding To Star In Nacho Vigalondo's Madrid-Set Sci-Fi Romance ‘Daniela Forever’ -- EFM
Mark Cousins' Alfred Hitchcock Documentary Gets North American Deal
Amazon’s Kelly Day Restructures Prime Video International
Marketplace
Services to share this page.
Newswire
Deadline
Legal
Sitemap
Connect with Us
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
Have a Tip?
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Stay in the Know
Sign up for our breaking news alerts
By subscribing, I agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2023 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Our Sites
Site
Film Expand the sub-menu
TV Expand the sub-menu
Awardsline Expand the sub-menu
Box Office Expand the sub-menu
Business Expand the sub-menu
International Expand the sub-menu
Video Expand the sub-menu
More Expand the sub-menu
Follow Us
Alerts & Newsletters
By subscribing, I agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
<EOS>