https://playbill.com/article/broadways-bad-cinderella-is-doing-nfts?fbclid=IwAR1m8psjX-ILHigNehG-1vRsuQw8hsasH93Uem4Msi-6sYS4JaZ7TYHXYUY&mibextid=unz460
Broadway's Bad Cinderella Is Doing NFTs | Playbill

<START>
The first wave of digital collectibles for the new Andrew Lloyd Webber musical is available at the low, low price of free.
Attention, digitally inclined Broadway fans! Broadway's upcoming Bad Cinderella is getting in on the NFT game with a new series of digital collectibles. The inaugural offering, "The Queen's VIP Pass," is available for free and will include exclusive access to behind-the-scenes content and other fan material between now and the musical's Broadway opening night. Those who collect the full set, which will include digital merchandise available both online and at the theatre, will be entered into a contest to win exclusive autographed merchandise.
The project is a partnership between Bad Cinderella and The Broadway Exchange, which is attempting to connect plays and musicals with the emerging NFT market. Bad Cinderella's collectibles, available at BwayX.com, will be minted via the Flow blockchain.
The musical, featuring a book by Oscar-winning screenwriter Emerald Fennel, music by Andrew Lloyd Webber, and lyrics by Tony winner David Zippel, reimagines the classic fairytale to center around a damsel—but this one is not in distress. "I'm not your Cinderella. I'm Bad Cinderella," teased leading lady Linedy Genao at a press event announcing the production last year. The show will begin performances February 17 at the Imperial Theatre. Opening night is March 23.
Genao, starring in the title role, will be joined by Carolee Carmello as the "Machiavellian" stepmother, Great Comet alum Grace McLean as the Queen, and A Beautiful Noise's Jordan Dobson as Sebastian, along with Morgan Higgins as stepsister Marie, Sami Gayle as stepsister Adele, and Christina Acosta Robinson as Godmother.
The ensemble will include Raymond Baynard, Michael Baerga, Lauren Boyd, Tristen Buettel, Kayleigh Cronin, Josh Drake, Ben Lanham, Angel Lozada, Cameron Loyal, Mariah Lyttle, Sarah Meahl, Christian Probst, Larkin Reilly, Julio Rey, Lily Rose, J. Savage, Tregony Shepard, Dave Schoonover, Paige Smallwood, and Aléna Watters, with Alyssa Carol, Gary Cooper, Robin Masella, Michael Milkanin, Chloe Nadon-Enriquez, and Lucas Thompson rounding out the company as swings. Savy Jackson will serve as the Cinderella alternate.
The Broadway bow follows a short-lived West End premiere (then titled simply Cinderella) that began performances in June 2021 even as COVID restrictions still in place limited audience sizes to 50% of the Gillian Lynne Theatre's usual capacity. Following an opening night postponed by cases of COVID within the company, the musical ultimately shuttered June 12, 2022, with Lloyd Webber describing the decision to open the show while the industry was still dealing with the pandemic a "costly mistake."
Laurence Connor is back at the helm for the Broadway bow after staging the West End run. Also returning are choreographer JoAnn M. Hunter, scenic and costume designer Gabriela Tylesova, lighting designer Bruno Poet, and sound designer Gareth Owen. Luc Verschueren will provide hair and wig design. Casting is by Tara Rubin Casting.
The famed maestro is ending a long tenure at the head of the Los Angeles Philharmonic.
The film is inspired by Pulitzer winner Isabel Wilkerson's Caste: The Origins of Our Discontents.
Based on Rent star Rapp's memoir, the autobiographical musical plays Off-Broadway's New World Stages.
The musical adaptation of the 1989 cult film favorite features a book, music, and lyrics by Kevin Murphy and Laurence O'Keefe.
The Richard Greenberg revival closed things out with the highest-grossing week of both of the production's recent Broadway runs.
And All That Jazz: A Celebration of the Legendary Chita Rivera will play the Shubert Theatre.
See what’s coming soon, what’s premiering out of town, and what’s in development.
To make tickets more affordable, many Off-Broadway shows have implemented rush, lottery, and inexpensive ticket policies.
The U.K. venue also announced the performance schedule for Come From Away and Jim Cartwright’s Road.
PLAYBILL SITES
CONTACT PLAYBILL
FOLLOW PLAYBILL NOW
Sign up for reopening news, announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
Blocking belongs on the stage, not on websites.
Our website is made possible by displaying online advertisements to our visitors.
Please consider supporting us by whitelisting playbill.com with your ad blocker. Thank you!

<EOS>